# Go API client for swagger

Payment API

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project.  By using the [swagger-spec](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-spec) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.v3.generators.go.GoClientCodegen

## Installation
Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:
```golang
import "./swagger"
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://virtserver.swaggerhub.com/TriplePlayPay/payment/1.0.0*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ApiApi* | [**Authorize**](docs/ApiApi.md#authorize) | **Post** /authorize | Used to verify funds when the total amount of the purchase is unknown.
*ApiApi* | [**Charge**](docs/ApiApi.md#charge) | **Post** /charge | Charge a credit card or settle a previous charge.
*ApiApi* | [**Credit**](docs/ApiApi.md#credit) | **Post** /credit | A Credit transaction is used to refund a cardholder for a previous transaction.
*ApiApi* | [**Enroll**](docs/ApiApi.md#enroll) | **Post** /enroll | Enroll a new merchant or retrieve status of pending merchant.
*ApiApi* | [**Settle**](docs/ApiApi.md#settle) | **Post** /settle | Alternative to sending a transactionId to charge, this method will settle an outstanding Authorization.
*ApiApi* | [**Tokenize**](docs/ApiApi.md#tokenize) | **Post** /tokenize | Create a token for later use.
*ApiApi* | [**Void**](docs/ApiApi.md#void) | **Post** /void | A Void transaction can be used to back out a previous Sale transaction.

## Documentation For Models

 - [Response](docs/Response.md)

## Documentation For Authorization
 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author

support@tripleplaypay.com
